= DESCRIPTION:
A Resource/Provider to create and configure websites in IIS 7 / 7.5.

= REQUIREMENTS:
Powershell, IIS must already be installed (We don't install it currently)

= RESOURCE/PROVIDER:

== iis7_site
Configures a website and app pool.

=== Actions:

- :create: Create a website and associated app pool.
- :delete: Delete a website (NOT IMPLEMENTED)

=== Attribute Parameters
- name: name attribute. Name the site and app pool will be created with.
- path: Local directory that the website will be pointed at. Remember to escape backslashes.
- dotnet: Version of .Net to configure the app pool with. "2.0" or "4.0" (default)
- bindings: Array of http bindings to associate, in the format "ip:hostname:port"
- sslbindings: Array of https bindings to associate, in the format "ip:hostname:port"

=== Examples

	iis7_site "www.awesome.com" do
		path "C:\\Websites\\www.awesome.com"
		bindings [
			"*:www.awesome.com:80",
			"*:awesome.com:80",
			"*:*:12345",
		]
		sslbindings [
			"*:www.awesome.com:443"
		]
	end

== iis7_sslcert
Sets the ssl cert for a certain ip/port combination in IIS 7 / 7.5
WARNING: This must be used AFTER a site has been configured using this ip/port combination, otherwise it will not set anything.

=== Attribute Parameters
- name: name attribute. Unused
- ip: IP of the network interface to use this certificate on, set "0.0.0.0" for all.
- port: Port to use this certificate on.
- certregex: Regex used to match the certificate.Subject from the certificate store. Run "ls cert:\LocalMachine\My" to see the existing certificates.

=== Examples
iis7_sslcert "*.mydomain.com" do
    ip "0.0.0.0"
    port 443
    certregex "*CN=[*].mydomain.com*"
end